README.md, before:

# UDEMY PROJECTS

This repo is a place to store all my practice files and projects while going through different courses on Udemy.

## The Complete Node.js Developer Course (2nd Edition)  
Instructor: Andrew Mead  

### Projects  
- Notes Node



## React 16 - The Complete Guide (incl. React Router 4 & Redux)  
Instructor: Maximilian Schwarzmüller  

### PROJECTS  
- Course Example  
    - This is a code along to go with the video lectures
- Assignments  
    - 1) Base Syntax
    - 2) Lists Conditionals  
    - 3) Routing
- Burger Builder  
    - The Burger Builder is the main course project  
        - Section 8: A Real App: The Burger Builder (Basic Version)
            - Additional npm libraries: 
                - npm install --save prop-types (Validates prop types of React properties)  
        - Section 10: Burger Bulder Project - Accessing A Server  
            - Additional npm libraries: 
                - npm install --save axios (axios is used to send http requests)  
            - CSS Spinners (https://projects.lukehaas.me/css-loaders/)  
        - Section 12: Adding Routing to Our Burger Project  
            - npm install --save react-router-dom
- Blog Example (Reching Out to the Web)  
    - Section 9: 
        - npm install axios --save  
    - Section 11: Multi Page Feeling in a Single Page App (Routing)  
        - npm install --save react-router react-router-dom
- Redux Example  
    - Section 14:
        - npm install --save redux
        - npm install --save react-redux (allows you to connect Redux store to React app) 


## Creative CSS Animations, Transitions And Transforms Course  
Master Advanced CSS Animations, Transitions and Transforms And Practice With More Than 25 Creative Examples.  
Instructor: Ahmed Sadek  

- Section 1: CSS Transition Basics  
    - This section was just adding basic transitions to some buttons  
    - Animateable properties are those that can be expressed by numbers because the browser can interpret intermediate values, such as width, height, border-width, padding, margin, line-height, opacity, etc.
    - We can also animate properties expressed by colors
    - Some properties that can't be animated properly:  
        - backgroundImage, display, border-style, position, float, background-repeat, font-family 
    - See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_animated_properties) for complete list of animateable properties
- Section 2: CSS 2D Transforms  
    - translate(x,y): moves an image along x and y axis  
    - scale(width, height): image size is increased by how ever many times specified for width and height
        - scale(x): width and height will both be scaled by x
        - scaleX(x): adjusts the width
        - scaleY(y): adjusts the height
    - rotate(n+deg): rotate an image by n degrees (20deg rotates 20 degress clockwise)  
        - Note: 'deg' is most often used in the real world but can also use 'turn' and 'grad'
    - skew function:  
        - skewX(30deg) - skews image 30 degrees in the x direction
        - skewY(30deg) - skews image 30 degrees in the y direction
        - skew(xdeg, ydeg) - skews image in x and y direction
    - transform-origin: defaults to center of image
- Section 3: CSS 3D Transforms  
  - Every time you want to work with a 3-D environment, you need to define the perspective first. the perspective CSS property is added to the image container.
  - rotateZ(degs) is actually similar to rotate
  - rotateX(degs): rotate over x axis (rotateX(90deg) will make the image disappear when it is done rotating)
  - rotateY(degs): rotate over y-axis
- Section 4: CSS Transforms Creative Examples  
    - Creative Button Hover Effect (1 - 8)  
    - Image Hover Effect with CSS Transforms (1 - 4)  
    - Smoky Text Effect Using CSS Transforms  
    - Image Zoom In Effect Using CSS Transforms  
    - Menu Hover Effect with CSS Transforms
- Section 5: CSS Animations and Keyframes  
    1) Define a CSS Animation Rule (keyframes)  
    2) Add it to the HTML element you want to animate
    - Animation Introduction  
    - Create CSS Animations with more Stages  
    - Animation Fill Mode Property  
        - Just tells where the element should start and end up
    - Animation Iteration Count Property  
        - Tells how many times an animation should be repeated
    - Animation Direction Property  
    - Animation Shorthand Porperty
- Section 6: CSS Animation Creative Examples  
    - Floating Text Using CSS Animation  
    - Loading Effect Using CSS Animation  
    - Driving a Car and Motor Bike
    - Text Rotator Using CSS Animation  
    - Animated Image Pattern  
    - Button Shaking Hover Effect  
    - Animated Button  
    - Lighting Text  
    - Heartbeat  
    - Animated Text Background  
    - Bouncing Balls  
    - Rain Effect

Commit message:

React 16 Section 14 Assignment 5 Redux Basics

README.md, after:

# UDEMY PROJECTS

This repo is a place to store all my practice files and projects while going through different courses on Udemy.

## The Complete Node.js Developer Course (2nd Edition)  
Instructor: Andrew Mead  

### Projects  
- Notes Node



## React 16 - The Complete Guide (incl. React Router 4 & Redux)  
Instructor: Maximilian Schwarzmüller  

### PROJECTS  
- Course Example  
    - This is a code along to go with the video lectures
- Assignments  
    - 1) Base Syntax
    - 2) Lists Conditionals  
    - 3) Routing
    - 4) Time to Practice - Dispatching Actions (this assignment was not for a separate project like the other ones)
    - 5) Redux Basics  
        - npm install --save redux react-redux
- Burger Builder  
    - The Burger Builder is the main course project  
        - Section 8: A Real App: The Burger Builder (Basic Version)
            - Additional npm libraries: 
                - npm install --save prop-types (Validates prop types of React properties)  
        - Section 10: Burger Bulder Project - Accessing A Server  
            - Additional npm libraries: 
                - npm install --save axios (axios is used to send http requests)  
            - CSS Spinners (https://projects.lukehaas.me/css-loaders/)  
        - Section 12: Adding Routing to Our Burger Project  
            - npm install --save react-router-dom
- Blog Example (Reching Out to the Web)  
    - Section 9: 
        - npm install axios --save  
    - Section 11: Multi Page Feeling in a Single Page App (Routing)  
        - npm install --save react-router react-router-dom
- Redux Example  
    - Section 14:
        - npm install --save redux
        - npm install --save react-redux (allows you to connect Redux store to React app) 


## Creative CSS Animations, Transitions And Transforms Course  
Master Advanced CSS Animations, Transitions and Transforms And Practice With More Than 25 Creative Examples.  
Instructor: Ahmed Sadek  

- Section 1: CSS Transition Basics  
    - This section was just adding basic transitions to some buttons  
    - Animateable properties are those that can be expressed by numbers because the browser can interpret intermediate values, such as width, height, border-width, padding, margin, line-height, opacity, etc.
    - We can also animate properties expressed by colors
    - Some properties that can't be animated properly:  
        - backgroundImage, display, border-style, position, float, background-repeat, font-family 
    - See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_animated_properties) for complete list of animateable properties
- Section 2: CSS 2D Transforms  
    - translate(x,y): moves an image along x and y axis  
    - scale(width, height): image size is increased by how ever many times specified for width and height
        - scale(x): width and height will both be scaled by x
        - scaleX(x): adjusts the width
        - scaleY(y): adjusts the height
    - rotate(n+deg): rotate an image by n degrees (20deg rotates 20 degress clockwise)  
        - Note: 'deg' is most often used in the real world but can also use 'turn' and 'grad'
    - skew function:  
        - skewX(30deg) - skews image 30 degrees in the x direction
        - skewY(30deg) - skews image 30 degrees in the y direction
        - skew(xdeg, ydeg) - skews image in x and y direction
    - transform-origin: defaults to center of image
- Section 3: CSS 3D Transforms  
  - Every time you want to work with a 3-D environment, you need to define the perspective first. the perspective CSS property is added to the image container.
  - rotateZ(degs) is actually similar to rotate
  - rotateX(degs): rotate over x axis (rotateX(90deg) will make the image disappear when it is done rotating)
  - rotateY(degs): rotate over y-axis
- Section 4: CSS Transforms Creative Examples  
    - Creative Button Hover Effect (1 - 8)  
    - Image Hover Effect with CSS Transforms (1 - 4)  
    - Smoky Text Effect Using CSS Transforms  
    - Image Zoom In Effect Using CSS Transforms  
    - Menu Hover Effect with CSS Transforms
- Section 5: CSS Animations and Keyframes  
    1) Define a CSS Animation Rule (keyframes)  
    2) Add it to the HTML element you want to animate
    - Animation Introduction  
    - Create CSS Animations with more Stages  
    - Animation Fill Mode Property  
        - Just tells where the element should start and end up
    - Animation Iteration Count Property  
        - Tells how many times an animation should be repeated
    - Animation Direction Property  
    - Animation Shorthand Porperty
- Section 6: CSS Animation Creative Examples  
    - Floating Text Using CSS Animation  
    - Loading Effect Using CSS Animation  
    - Driving a Car and Motor Bike
    - Text Rotator Using CSS Animation  
    - Animated Image Pattern  
    - Button Shaking Hover Effect  
    - Animated Button  
    - Lighting Text  
    - Heartbeat  
    - Animated Text Background  
    - Bouncing Balls  
    - Rain Effect
